you've done a lot of films however are
there any of your own films that you
haven't seen uh no I had to see them all
you seen all them yeah some of them I
didn't want to see right I wish I hadn't
see so we want to quiz you and what it
is we went down to the farmers market we
asked people there to read a line from a
movie and your job is to guess whether
this is a line that you uttered in
character in one of your films okay or
not okay
okay let's start did I say that pretty
straightforward clip number one from out
of the ground we were taken from the
dust we are and to the dust we shall
return
Denzel did you say that nine Episode
let's go to the film Oh
all right we're off to a bad start to a
bet huh I was so sure you were through
so sure does I mean character remember
well let's see if you remember that the
old man was right only the farmers won
we lost all right I didn't say that
yeah Denzel saying that the old man was
right all right what I did do
Magnificent Seven yeah yeah that's right
well here we go next class before there
was any such thing as a Republican or a
Democrat we were like Malcolm X I know
that one all right you're back on the
winning winning side
next clip for forget what their country
means by just reading the land of the
free in history boots when I get to be
men they forget even more I didn't say
that do you say that he says Denzel says
he did not did he boys forget what their
country but thank you then they forget
even more oh yeah that is me all right
you're back on track here we go next
clip I'm drunk now I am drunk yeah no
really I said that no that's by zoomies
from flight hey oli yeah I'm drunk now
and it's funny too drunk now yeah you
did say that yet xsplit right fines away
my life fine minds away life that no you
sure
and life finds a way I did not say that
okay place thank you like a fine boy
what was that from that was for Jurassic
Park you guys yeah you are not in that
film no that's one key Kanye gonna on me
I think I didn't say it like that
let's see what says oh yeah oh yeah
can we go back didn't he say he's not
going on yeah he said it the long way
yeah yeah but in fairness he's at the
farmers market trying to eat lunch we
have one more and our daddy hi Daddy
carb a carbon copy my first move let's
look
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever